#summary How to use the MakeItSo.config file.

===Overview===
To convert some solutions into makefiles, !MakeItSo needs extra information given to it that it cannot get from the Visual Studio project and solution files. You can provide this information in a `MakeItSo.config` file.

The `MakeItSo.config` file lets you tell the build to:

  * [MakeItSoConfig#Add_and_remove_libraries Remove specified Windows libraries and use Linux versions instead.]
  * [MakeItSoConfig#Add_and_remove_library_paths Use different include paths for the Linux build.]
  * [MakeItSoConfig#Add_and_remove_preprocessor_definitions Remove pre-processor definitions, and replace them with others.]
  * [MakeItSoConfig#Add_and_remove_compiler_flags Remove compiler flags and replace them with others.]


*'Self-contained solutions'*

!MakeItSo can convert many simple Visual Studio solutions without needing any extra information. If a solution is 'self-contained' then it should be able to be converted without any extra information being needed. A self-contained solution is one which contains all its dependencies (for example libraries) as projects within the solution.

Some solutions are not self-contained. They link in 'external' libraries that are not built as part of the solution itself. If these are provided as pre-built Windows libraries, you will not be able to build them into a Linux version of the build. You will need to tell the Linux version to use pre-build Linux versions of these external libraries instead.


*Add and remove vs. replace*
In most cases, the MakeItSo.config specifies settings to add or remove rather than specifying replacements. This lets you replace a single Windows library with more than one Linux library if there is not a one-to-one match, for example. Or you could add a preprocessor definition to the Linux build without removing an existing one.


===Add and remove libraries===
If a solution links in Windows-specific external libraries you will need 
to replace these with Linux equivalents. For example:
{{{
    <RemoveLibrary library="TextLibrary.lib"/>
    <AddLibrary configuration="Debug" library="libTextLibD.a"/>
    <AddLibrary configuration="Release" library="libTextLibR.a"/>
}}}

===Add and remove library paths===
If you are replacing libraries, you may need to replace library paths as well. For example:
{{{
    <RemoveLibraryPath path="Externals/TextLibrary/Libs/Windows x86/Debug"/>
    <RemoveLibraryPath path="Externals/TextLibrary/Libs/Windows x86/Release"/>
    <AddLibraryPath configuration="Debug" path="Externals/TextLibrary/libs/gcc/Debug"/>
    <AddLibraryPath configuration="Release" path="Externals/TextLibrary/libs/gcc/Release"/>
}}}
Paths are specified relative to the solution root folder. 


===Add and remove preprocessor definitions===
You can add and remove preprocessor definitions. For example:
{{{
    <RemovePreprocessorDefinition definition="TO_REPLACE" />
    <AddPreprocessorDefinition configuration="Debug" definition="REPLACEMENT_DEBUG" />
    <AddPreprocessorDefinition configuration="Release" definition="REPLACEMENT_RELEASE" />
}}}
MakeItSo automatically removes `WIN32` and adds `GCC_BUILD`. 

===Add and remove compiler flags===